                                                  Recipe

   Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grab your 2 nine-inch round pans and grease them, after that place a butter paper and grease the butter paper too. After that you can seive your flour. In a large bowl, stir together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. After that add the eggs, milk, oil and vanilla and mix the batter for 2 minutes on medium speed of the mixer. After that stir in the boiling water. Once you have done these things you wiull see that your batter will be thin. Pour the cake batter evenly into the prepared pans (the 2 nine-inch round pans or any size you want) tap the pans 2-3 times on the surface. After pouring the batter evenly bake the batter for 30-35 minutes in the preheated oven, until the cake test's done with a toothpick. If the toothpick has wet cake batter on it, that means that your cake is not ready yet and you need to cook it for some more minutes, if it is dry then, it means that your cake is all ready and set for the next step. After that take your cake out of the oven and let your cake cool in the pans for 10 minutes, then take out your cake from the pans for doing that you need to first run over the edges of the cake with a knife, after that you need to take your cake out very slowly and gently. And there you go your cake is ready to be eaten! You can also add some frosting to it to make the cake look more beautifula dn interesting and also make it a bit more tasty.